materials/notes/ideas.md, before:

mam asistenta generate questions - napad na workflow - po kroku vygenerovani otazek k nejakemu tematu, vzit tyto otazky, pripadne k tomu (na zacatek) pro kontext pripojit i puvodni zadani pro vygenerovani otazek (nebo jeho shrnutou podobu), a pozadat o vygenerovani dalsich X otazek.

vytvorit univerzalniho asistenta - obycejny dotaz

asistenti
vygeneruj nazev souboru
vygeneruj titulek

convert yaml to json

generate date in format YYYY-MM-DD

generate id

analyze text - extract action steps

run sellenium py code

generate standalone self-contained SPA web page (similar to Claude's artifact)

comment on topic

analyze text - semantic analysis

generate py code

execute py code

synonyma

UI - Pod nebo k sekci vystupu pridat tlacitko "Use as an input"

UI - file attachments (documents, text files, images, sound files?)

integrate some OCR functions

integrate openai whisper api

integrate github repo commit/push

integrate elevenLabs api

render markdown within UI, in "response section"

vlastni dat. struktura (pro konverzace, workflows, assistanty atd.), prenos dat/zprav mezi funkcemi (input/output), cast z toho pouzitelne pro logovani, zpetne pujde (ulozene do souboru) prochazet a filtrovat, vyhledavat, analyzovat.

logging of workflows
  - own json data structure for workflow

integrate antropic api

integrate llama api

integrate deepseek api

workflow: story_writing
  input
  create criteria (assistant: story criteria creator)
  write story based on criteria (assistant: writer)
  check content and provide feedback to writer (assistant: content editor)
  update story based on feedback from content editor (assistant: writer)
  read story and provide feedback to writer (assistant: ctitical reader)
  update story based on feedback from critical reader (assistant: writer)
  final output


get / parse readable text content from HTML

get HTML from URL

classify input

self-development
  pick topics for a day

diary

projects / tasks
  create task item
  generate action-steps
  categorize task under project
  update task (status)

publish post to web / blog

commit to git remote

email
  get new email
  read single email
  send email

news
  get news and filter topic
  read single news

search internet

func to convert image to base64 so it can be uploaded to ai models

Commit message:

universal json database structure, schema and validation; ideas/todos updated

materials/notes/ideas.md, after:

I have an assistant "generate questions" – an idea for a workflow – after the step of generating questions on a certain topic, take these questions, possibly also attach the original prompt for generating the questions (or its summarized version) at the beginning for context, and ask for the generation of another X questions.

create universal assistant - without any system/assistant instructions

assistents
generate file name
generate title

convert yaml to json

generate date in format YYYY-MM-DD

generate id

analyze text - extract action steps

run sellenium py code

generate standalone self-contained SPA web page (similar to Claude's artifact)

comment on topic

analyze text - semantic analysis

generate py code

execute py code

synonyma

UI - Pod nebo k sekci vystupu pridat tlacitko "Use as an input"

UI - file attachments (documents, text files, images, sound files?)

integrate some OCR functions

integrate openai whisper api

integrate github repo commit/push

integrate elevenLabs api

render markdown within UI, in "response section"

vlastni dat. struktura (pro konverzace, workflows, assistanty atd.), prenos dat/zprav mezi funkcemi (input/output), cast z toho pouzitelne pro logovani, zpetne pujde (ulozene do souboru) prochazet a filtrovat, vyhledavat, analyzovat.

logging of workflows
  - own json data structure for workflow

integrate antropic api

integrate llama api

integrate deepseek api

workflow: story_writing
  input
  create criteria (assistant: story criteria creator)
  write story based on criteria (assistant: writer)
  check content and provide feedback to writer (assistant: content editor)
  update story based on feedback from content editor (assistant: writer)
  read story and provide feedback to writer (assistant: ctitical reader)
  update story based on feedback from critical reader (assistant: writer)
  final output


get / parse readable text content from HTML

get HTML from URL

classify input

self-development
  pick topics for a day

diary

projects / tasks
  create task item
  generate action-steps
  categorize task under project
  update task (status)

publish post to web / blog

commit to git remote

email
  get new email
  read single email
  send email

news
  get news and filter topic
  read single news

search internet

func to convert image to base64 so it can be uploaded to ai models
